merge with doctrine orm schema (#117)
patchlevel/event-sourcing-bundle: docs/pages/store.md

        namespace: EventSourcingMigrations
        path: "%kernel.project_dir%/migrations"
```

## Merge ORM Schema

You can also merge the schema with doctrine orm. You have to set the following flag for this:

```yaml
patchlevel_event_sourcing:
    store:

>         inject_orm_schema: true

Reviewer: Maybe rename it to `merge_with_orm_migrations`? First, i think merge is better then inject. Second we are talking more about the mirgation generation here, so maybe this would also help the user understand what this feature does.

Author: This only partially has to do with migration. You really only inject yourself into the ORM schema generation. You don't need to have migration installed and you can just use the schema:create and schema:update commands.

And I find inject more meaningful than merge.

Reviewer: Then i would say you need to rephrase the docs since there we are alway talking about merging and not injecting

Author: You're right, I renamed it :)

```

!!! note

>     All schema relevant commands are removed and you can only use the doctrine commands.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    All schema relevant commands are removed if you activate this option. You should use the doctrine commands then.
```
